If you want to blow up on social media
this year, you need to know this.
Everyone's trying to grow their social
media presence in 2025. But most are
failing because they're following the
wrong trends. I've built an audience of
millions of followers on social media
across nearly every major platform. And
today, I'm going to reveal exactly
what's working, what's dying, and where
the biggest opportunities are right now
for you to grow. This is the most
important thing on social media you need
to focus on in 2025. When you look at
Sprout Social, videos generate
1,200% more shares than text or
image-based content. And video now
accounts for over 80% of the total
internet content consumption. But here's
the thing. Whether you're a shy creator
or a resource limited business, you can
still win in video by using tools like
Hey Genen. See what Hey Genen does, it
creates a AI avatar of you or whoever
else you want and they can do it in
multiple languages. Or you can use v.io
IO, which takes text prompts and turns
it into video. Even though Hey Jen and V
are amazing, I still recommend manual
recording because it still performs the
best. But if you don't want to do manual
recording, I would use the other two.
It's better than nothing. See, video
first businesses will dominate in 2025,
and there are zero excuses left to not
produce it consistently. This simple
content trick top creators are using
will get you way more views with
basically zero extra work. We did a
study at my ad agency NP Digital where
we looked at companies who were
repurposing content and ones who
weren't. The ones who were repurposing
content, in other words, taking their
content from one social network and
placing it on multiple social networks
generated
114,97 views each month versus the ones
who weren't repurposing, they generated
45,516 views a month. And that analysis
was on 258 brands with at least 50,000
to 100,000 followers. So, in essence,
you should repurpose your content. It
just gives you a bigger bang for the
buck. You're already spending all this
time and effort and money creating
content. Might as well showcase it on
all the social networks that you're
using. And just look at my account. I
repurpose my content. It's not just me
either. You can look at people like Gary
Vee or even a Kardashian. They all
repurpose their content. Look, creating
unique content is still valuable, but
it's often unrealistic. Repurposing
allows businesses to scale visibility
with minimal effort. Now, if you have
unlimited resources and money, by all
means, create unique content for each
social network. That's just not the
reality for most businesses. If you're
wondering how you repurpose, you
literally just take the content that you
publish on one network and you post it
on the other networks. You can do this
through tools like Sprouto or Hootsweet,
or you can do it manually. Everyone
thinks it's important to post as much as
possible on social media when they
should be doing this instead. Did you
know over 4.6 billion pieces of content
are created each and every single day?
Guess what's happening with that number
due to AI? It's increasing. And as
users, we don't need more content.
There's enough to choose from. The
reality is is we need original, fresh
content on new topics, not regurgitated
information that people are talking
about over and over and over again. For
example, who really cares for more
content on the nutrition facts of
bananas? It's been beaten to death. And
we have tools like Answer the Public
help uncover untapped rising keywords
and topics. Through Answer the Public,
you can type in a keyword and they'll
tell you what's trending on these social
networks and what people are looking for
right now. It's not talking about the
keywords that people were searching and
looking for years ago. It's looking to
see what's up and coming at this moment
and increasing in volume that a lot of
people aren't focusing on. Those are the
keywords that have demand, but not
enough people are creating content
around those subjects. So, if you create
content around those subjects, it's much
more likely to do better. If you're not
doing this on social media in 2025,
you're missing out on explosive growth.
Platforms like Instagram and Tik Tok
boost live videos through the algorithm,
especially if you go live with the
co-host and the other person's also on
that platform. So, then it goes live to
not only your followers, but their
followers as well, which allows you to
reach both audiences in real time. and
the lives start growing at a much faster
pace. Look, social platforms are trying
to compete for your attention. They're
not just trying to compete with other
social platforms. I get Tik Tok competes
with Instagram, but they also compete
with television and Netflix cuz you only
have so much time in the day to consume
video content. So, they're prioritizing
live, raw, interactive content to boost
the platform's retention. This way,
they're hoping that you spend more time
keeping up with the Kardashians on
Instagram than Disney or Hulu. But the
key with going live is to do it with
other collaborators because this
instantly increases your exposure and
builds trust. Plus, you're taking
advantage of their audience and they're
taking advantage of your audience. So,
you both will get a boost in follower
count from this as well. Top creators
are using this strategy to keep viewers
engaged longer, leading to way more
views. If you look at Adam Meri, who
runs Instagram, he's emphasized that
retention is the top algorithm signal.
And it's not just with YouTube, it's
with most platforms. And when he's
speaking of retention, it's when
someone's watching your video, how long
are they staying for? It matters more
than shares or comments or likes. So,
you want people to stick around as long
as possible, ideally more than a minute.
And no matter what industry you're in,
there's one top performing strategy that
works to keep people's attention, and
that's to keep having reoccurring hooks.
So, when you're creating content, you
hook someone so that way you get them to
watch more of your video. But why only
have one hook when you're discussing
different topics? So, for example, in
this video, I'm talking about trends. I
would use multiple sub hooks throughout
the video to keep you engaged. So, that
way you stay hooked and you keep
watching more and more of the video. In
essence, have a hook, ideally at least
one per minute. That way, people stay
retained throughout your whole video.
Structure your posts like this if you
want to go viral in 2025. Too many
creators storytell by jumping from one
idea to the next. Instead, you want to
build every video or even post like a
movie script. You want mapped out
points, emotional arcs, and embedded
hooks. Storytelling without structure
creates confusion. And that emotion
driven sequencing, happy tension,
relief, makes content bingeable.
Powerful storytelling drives deeper
engagement and better recall. So more
people remember, return, and take
action. Stop posting with AI unless
you're doing this. At NP Digital, we did
analysis. We took 68 websites, 744
articles, half human written content,
half AI written content. The AI written
content was modified by humans. And
still what we found was the human
written content got roughly 5.5 times
more organic traffic. People are tired
of AI written content. It's just
regurgitated information. They want new
original content. The best way to do
that is through humans. I get AI's
emerged and it's great and you should be
using it for ideiation and to even help
rewrite or adjust the tone or even
expand, but you shouldn't fully rely on
it. Human-led creativity offers unique
perspectives and you can even create
empathy with your audience more with
human created content than let's say AI
created content. And by doing this,
people will stay more engaged. They'll
like your content. They're more likely
to share, comment, link to it, which
then increases your traffic and
rankings. If you enjoyed this video,
check out my video on how to master
social media in 2025.